you
hey guys this is Ricardo Korea the road
boy between freaks when I mean freaks
freaks
the Welshman miss olympia and bahrain
boy is going to take me abroad no doubt
know that is coming is angry for it and
I'm just interview Flex Lewis I think is
going to get his ass kicked by some
black dude so the other truckers about
it
what black dudes are came in English yes
what you want to say about that I'm not
black
that's me probably probably probably
about the only one in here as you guys
see so okay I think that as a compliment
yeah so something's getting ready to
turn your pro he's gonna definitely
going to qualify for the Olympia as flex
is already there I don't know if she's
going to do any show before that to make
some dollar as you know isn't about the
piece and yeah I think Sammy's on the
track try to take flex down last year I
couldn't make it so flex gonna tell us I
was in a Grand Prix in the back show or
we know like me and me we all joke
around and we're all training for our
first place I know how hungry is there
and that's why you know I I do what I do
on stage and all offstage because I feel
you know the pressure coming from you
know amazing athletes like Sami and and
we talk a lot you know throughout the
year we see each other events like this
and and you know Samia you know competed
last year maybe or pro and as a as a
sport is you know it I personally
thought that you know he won that show
and I was at a an expo like this the
other side of the world and and then to
find out he had it saw you know I think
he's in my eyes is the favorite to go in
this year and do some damage he's made a
lot of improvements you know to his
physique since we competed against each
other and obviously he's going to go in
a whole new package for the new you're
prone and I'm excited to see it for one
because then after seeing what he looks
like in the new year Pro I'll be back in
the gym you know
putting more weight on to kick his ass
at the Olympia did you add any pressure
than that to shows with Sonny oh do I
have any pressure I didn't add it before
you add any pressure oh I always feel
pressure I know I've got the target on
my back like he said backstage at the at
the Grand Prix he said you know flex
you're the one with a target on the back
so that's and what he said is right you
know it's I'm the one that everybody's
chasing me this year I saw when I was
chasing somebody else so that the tables
are turned
I know that you know I got all these
guys like him chomping at the bit
because he he was close to tasting our
title and and you know like I said that
the Grand Prix we had a great time at
the Czech Republic we had a great time
and and again amazing athlete and a
great friend so I wish him all the best
it's not all that he's got all that what
do you think about it Sami well I have
to take him down he's the best and I
Bakula everybody after the best and I'm
sure you're going to take it in a good
way but flex I was disappointed about
him after the Olympia I was saying he
gave his best at the Olympia he's not
going to come under percent for the gram
he didn't slack it is like at all trust
me I was watching him after the Olympia
he stayed in the state he didn't fly
back and I showed like he's taking his
merchandise
stuff backing up in a room I watched
each pictures and I said the guy is busy
let me train harder he gonna come soft
he comes in the Grand Prix knocked me
down and I saw him in the brog he did it
again and he said he's stressed out it I
don't know but B's his championship
stress out but he took it easy
he came hundred percent he shouldn't
worry and all of us behind him not only
me waiting I'm not saying we can beat
him but waiting he do one mistake and if
he do a mistake we're right behind him
if you come hundred percent I said it
before an interview he going to be the
guy warning and we're going to behind
him
placing behind flakes is no shame
because he's the best and but if you do
a mistake I'll be honored I will enter
the history and beat it and let you do
some money about this
is the man we are all after him now
which is going to step for it excuse me
sir
as if sfa you know don't no pressure no
pressure do not they're gone they're not
gonna cut your wages it's just a visa
for fun don't worry they're not going to
cut Dexter's wages so isn't it a freak
in the house Dexter Jackson the blade
everyone knows he's the man it means
business another one
damn needs to be not so Dex is just worn
down Oh classic he's in the house so
he's going to talk about its preparation
and all that stuff what's the plans all
I'm saying is what's up my mouth this is
all black people do this year so
fantastic that's what the Cham do it's
such an honor to have you know mr.
Olympia walking in sharing input and
that's you know the athletes they're
supposed to be like that down-to-earth
come over
shake hands I mean me and flex we filed
with battle on stage out of stage we
make fun of people with joke and we
invite each other's and I wish all the
athletes like flex right I didn't say
this in front of him but behind his back
I always say I wish the a please like
that I mean open heart they would advice
you backstage it would come and ask you
if you need anything I mean he won't hit
you but if you stop bitching behind his
back and saying bad words nobody would
like you if you if you got something
that's all to tell the truth um between
of to the best man's in the in the sport
flanks Sammy the real people Dave you
guys need to make these two and you guys
going to see what I'm saying because
they fantastic amazing the French they
mean business you on it so Ricardo
Korean hours everybody thought the open
class at the British Grand Prix going to
be the talk but when we flex born a
course a Raymond
Eduardo Korea stepped on the stage we
made everybody talking about that show
so we're going to bring it again and
again I appreciate that
actually they're friends so fantastic
this is Ricard career with Flex Louisa
Miss Olympia now sinsemilla dad the
blacksmith
so we now Spiess